Update index.md with some changes for consistency (#12551)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/multimedia_and_embedding/mozilla_splash_page/index.md

Inside the {{htmlelement("div")}} with the class of `red-panda`, we want to insert a {{htmlelement("picture")}} element that serves the small portrait panda image if the viewport is 600px wide or less, and the large landscape image otherwise.

## Hints and tips

> - You can use the [W3C Nu HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/) to catch unintended mistakes in your HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the [W3C Nu HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/) to catch mistakes in your HTML.
```

> - You don't need to know any CSS to do this assessment; you just need the provided HTML file. The CSS part is already done for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't need to know any CSS to do this assessment as this part has been done for you; you just need the provided HTML file.
```

If you would like your work assessed, or are stuck and want to ask for help:

1.  Put your work into an online shareable editor such as [CodePen](https://codepen.io/), [jsFiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/), or [Glitch](https://glitch.com/). Glitch is probably better for this example, as it allows you upload assets like images, whereas some of the other tools don't.

> 2.  Write a post asking for assessment and/or help at the [MDN Discourse forum Learning category](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/learn). Your post should include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Write a post asking for assessment and/or help at the [MDN Discourse forum "Learning" category](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/learn). Your post should include:
```
